Dear Editor and Referee,

We would like to submit the attached manuscript  ID SM-ART-01-2013-050228 
'Rheology of Cubic Blue Phases' as revised version for publication in Soft Matter.

After the earlier version of the manuscript had already been recommended 
for publication by the referees we discovered a problem in our code 
that needed further investigation. It turned out that a contraction of 
two tensors had been implemented incorrectly (the last term in Eq. 5 containing
the trace operation). From the nature of this problem it was clear that 
this would have an effect on order-flow coupling and might cause deviations 
from our previous results at larger flow rates.

We have regenerated all simulation data and verified the code agains an 
alternative implementation of the same model down to the level where the 
minor numerical discrepancies that remained could be attributed to clearly 
understood differences in the precise implementation of boundary conditions 
and other factors. We are therefore very confident that no further problems 
remain in our numerics and the results reported in our revised paper are now 
definitive. However, many issues of detail have changed from the previous 
version and we accept that this paper might need reviewing again. Clearly 
the best people to do so are the previous referees.

In fact, the majority of our results did not change significantly. This is 
particularly true for very low shear rates, where the above mentioned 
coupling between order and flow is small, and at very high shear rates, 
where the director field in the steady state is stationary (Grandjean texture) 
and does not induce time-dependent changes in the order parameter structure.

Another positive aspect of this revision was that the entire rheological picture
became somewhat simpler and more consistent. There is generally more consistency 
between BPI and BPII and differences between simulations at different system sizes
vanished completely.

In the following overview we use these abreviations:

THW travelling helical wave
PRC periodically recurring conformations
AN  amorphous network
GJ  Grandjean texture
FGJ frustrated Grandjean texture
FAN flow-alinged nematic state

Things that have changed are

- regime BPII-3 in the old version (THW): is a metastable flow state and is not
directly reached as steady state after the revision.
- regime BPI-3 in the old version: is replaced with PRC, AN, FGJ and GJ
- BPI-4 (newly found conformation in the old version): is metastable and is not
directly reached as steady state after the revision.
- 2uc/3uc/4uc comparison: discrepancies between both simulation sizes disappeared.

We have also applied the following modifications which were requested by the referees:

- The overall presentation of some results has been changed in order to improve 
comprehensibility. We show for instance time-dependent shear stress over strain 
and increased the size of the flow curve pictures to give a clearer overview 
of the different steady states we obtained. We think this is clearer than a schematic
picture and the type of steady state is explained in the captions.
- We extended our description of the boundary conditions and added a paragraph 
to the appendix. We think it is better to refer to these technicalities in the main
body of the text rather than going into a detailed discussion, which only distracts
from the results.
- We completed the labelling of the Cartesian trihedron in all pictures to improve 
readability and comprehensibility.

Things that remained unchanged are

- BPI-1: formation of amorphous network at low shear rates due to large stress oscillations
- BPII-1: weak shear thinning at very low and up to intermediate shear rates
- existence of regimes with PRC (BPII-1, BPI-2) at intermediate shear rates
- existence of a regime with 'rheochaos' at Ericksen numbers Er O(1)
- breakup into GJ at Ericksen numbers Er ~ 5-15
- formation of FAN at Er ~ 20

All authors of this paper regret the extra time and effort for Editorial staff 
and referees created by these rather extensive post-review changes to our paper. 
Clearly however it is much better to have tracked down the small but important 
error in our coding prior to publication rather than after. Because of the 
exhaustive checks made since its discovery, we are now exceptionally confident 
in the results presented in our revised paper.

Many thanks for considering our manuscript for publication in Soft Matter

Kind regards,
Oliver Henrich (on behalf of the authors)
